docs: document ram/alloc mode retention and simplify dbengine retention chart section (#22781)
netdata/netdata: src/database/CONFIGURATION.md

  mode = dbengine
```

## RAM and ALLOC Mode Retention

When `mode` is set to `ram` or `alloc`, the Agent keeps metrics in memory only — there is no disk persistence and no storage tiers. The `dbengine tier ...` retention settings in [Tiers](#tiers) do not apply.

The amount of history available depends on both `retention` and `update every`:

> **Effective retention ≈ `retention` × `update every`**

| `retention` | `update every` | Effective retention  |
|:-----------:|:--------------:|:--------------------:|
| `3600`      | `1`            | ~1 hour (3 600 s)    |
| `3600`      | `10`           | ~10 hours (36 000 s) |

> To target a specific history window, set `retention = target_seconds / update_every`. For roughly 1 hour of history at `update every = 10`, use `retention = 360`.

Reviewer: Delete this sentence. It is a duplicate of the sentence above.

> **Effective retention ≈ `retention` × `update every`**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

:::note

> These `[db]` settings are read at Agent startup — changing `mode`, `retention`, or `update every` takes effect only after restarting the Agent. `netdatacli reload-health` reloads health configuration only and does not apply `[db]` changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration is read only at Agent startup. Any configuration changes require restarting the Agent.
```

:::

> In a Parent–Child streaming setup, a `ram`-mode Child keeps only this short local buffer while the Parent persists long-term history in `dbengine`. Child and Parent storage are independent — see [Tiers](#tiers).

Reviewer: Why is this needed here?

Reviewer 2: probably useless, yeah, this is obvious 

```suggestion
```
